# Onedata Quickstart ScenariosThis page presents you with few scenarios for quickly and easily getting started with Onedata. Scenarios vary in complexity: beginning with simple, preconfigured demos; ending with highly advanced multi-cluster setups.:heavy_exclamation_mark:Warning: because of ongoing migration of `onedata.org` scenarios 1.0 and 1.1 are currently not working.Avilable scenarios:- :heavy_exclamation_mark: `1.0`: pre-configured oneprovider that connects to onedata.org (public ip required) <br \>    `scenarios/1_0_oneprovider_onedata_org/`- :heavy_exclamation_mark: `1.1`: double node pre-configured oneprovider that connects to onedata.org (public ip required) <br \>    `scenarios/1_0_oneprovider_onedata_org/`- `2.0`: pre-configured oneprovider with pre-configured onezone <br \>    `scenarios/2_0_oneprovider_onezone/`- `2.1`: double pre-configured oneprovider with double pre-configured onezone <br \>    `scenarios/2_1_double_oneprovider_double_onezone/`- `3.0`: oneprovider with onezone ready to be configured with onepanel <br \>    `scenarios/3_0_oneprovider_onezone_onepanel/`If you are new to onedata please start with scenario 2.0. ## Prerequisites1. All scenarios are prepared as docker-compose configurations.2. Depending on the scenario you might need to create an account on onedata.org.`docker => 1.11` <br \>`docker-compose => 1.7`## SetupFor each scenario navigate to a scenario directory and `run_onedata.sh` script from there.Onedata services depend on each other. Respect the order of running services and always wait for a message confirming that the service has successfully started.`run_onedata.sh` runs in a foreground. To run more complex scenarios, you will need multiple terminal widnows.### Scenario 1.0Requires a machine with a public ip address and a number of open ports (refer to docker-compose configuration files) to communicate with `onedata.org.````bash./run_onedata.sh --oneprovider```### Scenario 1.1Requires two machines with a public ip address and a number of open ports (refer to docker-compose configuration files) to communicate with `onedata.org.````bash./run_onedata.sh --oneprovider -n1 # On first machine ./run_onedata.sh --oneprovider -n2 # On second machine```### Scenario 2.0```bash./run_onedata.sh --onezone -n1     # In 1st terminal window./run_onedata.sh --oneprovider -n1 # In 2nd terminal window```### Scenario 2.1```bash./run_onedata.sh --onezone -n1     # In 1st terminal window./run_onedata.sh --onezone -n2     # In 2nd terminal window./run_onedata.sh --oneprovider -n1 # In 3rd terminal window./run_onedata.sh --oneprovider -n2 # In 4th terminal window```### Scenario 3.0```bash./run_onedata.sh --onezone -n1     # In 1st terminal window./run_onedata.sh --oneprovider -n1 # In 2nd terminal window```Use Onepanel to configure Onezone and Oneprovider.## Configuration### Fixing HTTPS and Open-id authorizationIn order for those scenarios to work properly you need to modify your local (pc from where you use your web browser) `/etc/hosts` file and append lines:```# Onedata configuration<onezone_node_1_ip>      onedata.org # (required by OpenID)<onezone_node_1_ip>      node1.onezone.dev.local<oneprovider_node_1_ip>  node1.oneprovider.dev.local```### Configuring Onezone and Oneprovider with OnepanelOnezone and Oneprovider offer a web based configuration panel Onepanel that can be accessed via: ```https://node1.onezone.dev.local:9443 # for onezonehttps://ode1.oneprovider.dev.local:9443 # for oneprovider```In each scenario the credentials needed to login into Onepanel are:```user: adminpassword: password```## Using OnedataIn each scenario you will deploy a Oneprovider which can be used to support your space. If you are not familiar with the concept of Spaces read the Overview and Space support sections in the [documentation](https://onedata.org/documentation). After supporting you space you will be able to access them using a web-interface or Oneclient.#### With Web-interfaceRefer to the documentation of web-iterface for further instructions.#### With OneclientIn `oneclient` directory you will find `run-oneclient.sh` script that will assist you in using oneclient binary as a docker container. Example invocation:```bash./run-oneclient.sh --provider node1.onezone.dev.local --token '_Us_MYaSD80YgPpcKfVSLP-Mz3TIqmN1q1vb3qFJ'```For more information on oneclient refer to Onedata  [documentation](https://onedata.org/documentation).